The prompt is now the fundamental unit
of engineering. And with agents, every
prompt you create becomes a force
multiplier. One well-crafted prompt can
generate tens and hundreds of hours of
productive work. One bad prompt
compounds failure at the same rate. So,
how do you consistently create prompts
that deliver 2, 5, 10, 100x returns on
your time investment? The answer starts
with a senior engineering mindset shift.
You have to ask yourself, who am I
creating these prompts for? It's not
just for you. It's not just for your
team. We're now engineering for three
audiences. You, your team, and your
agents. This is the stakeholder trifecta
for the age of agents. This is the
agentic shift that most engineers
haven't yet made. The winners here are
building libraries of reusable battle
tested agentic prompts with composable
sections that work like Lego blocks. You
can swap these in and swap them out when
and if you need them to scale your
engineering impact with compute. But
things have changed. We are now a gentic
prompt engineering and every prompt you
write has the ability to call tens and
hundreds of tool calls and run for
minutes to hours. We're going to
understand the seven most powerful
agentic prompt formats and most
importantly the exact sections that make
them up. We're talking about the most
useful sections for your prompts and how
challenging they are to operate you,
your team, and your agents. Let's level
up our agentic prompt engineering
abilities by mastering the prompts and
their composable sections.
[Music]
The next prompt we're going to look at
is the workflow prompt. This prompt
represents a sequential workflow with a
bunch of new additional sections that
you can work with. Out of all the
agentic prompt formats we'll look at,
this is easily the most important one.
Why is that? It's because of this
workflow section. Let's go ahead and
grade the workflow section and the
workflow prompt just to set the stage to
showcase how powerful and how useful
this is. So workflow and throw it into
the S tier usefulness. This is the most
useful section. And we're going to throw
it in Ctier difficulty. It's actually
not that challenging to use the workflow
as you'll see in a second. We're also
going to take the workflow prompt and
place it in a tier usefulness and Ctier
skill requirement. So these are both
very useful, very powerful. And so why
is this so powerful? Let's look at one
of the most basic versions of this in
the prime command. So this is something
you've likely seen me use. The prime
command sets up your agent to gain an
understanding of the codebase so it can
start working. But here we have several
sections to break down. So we have this
brand new metadata section and this is
specifically metadata for cloud code,
but other agents and tools you work with
will have their own version of this. But
here we just have a simple description.
We have our same title. We have our
purpose here and below we have two new
sections, right? We have the workflow
and we have the report. The workflow
section is exactly as you think. The key
here is that it's a sequential list of
tasks that you want your agent to
execute to get the job done. So whenever
we run our prime command, we want our
agent to do just this, right? We can of
course spin up an agent to run this
whenever we want to. It's going to do
just these two things, right? and we're
setting it up in the purpose execute the
workflow and report sections to
understand the codebase and summarize
your understanding. So let's go ahead
and grade the metadata in the report
section. So metadata is important but it
doesn't actually do a whole lot for your
prompt for your team and for your agent.
It's not completely useless, but out of
all the sections and out of all the
prompts we'll look at, metadata belongs
in C tier usefulness and Ctier skill
requirement. Metadata lets you do a
couple powerful things. You'll see in
upcoming prompts like specify the exact
tools or the exact models that you want,
but other than that, it's not all that
valuable. And we also have the report
section. Now, the report section is
going to be quite a bit more valuable.
The report section lets you change the
way your agent responds to you. Anything
from running strictly in JSON output,
YAML output, or to report in a specific
structure or to include specific
information in the report, it all goes
under the report section. Right? This is
your output section. This is your format
section. Okay. And to be super clear,
you know, you can call these sections
whatever you want. I'm using the most
consistent, the most information dense
keywords to represent every section.
Okay. Out of the tens of thousands of
prompts I've seen and use and run, these
sections keep coming back over and over
and over. So no matter what you call
them, they're still going to be there as
you scale up the level and the
capability of your agentic prompts. You
can see here, this is the foundation for
the workflow prompt. All right, we're
now executing a series of steps that can
get very complex that can call many many
tools. All right, so let's look at
another prompt, right? We have this
build prompt. Let's check this out. And
you can see here a little bit more
metadata, right? Our build prompt is
only able to use read, write, and bash
tools. And it has an argument hint. The
argument of course leads to a really
important section, a super
underappreciated section, the variables.
Okay? And so, you know, before we get to
variables, everything else is the same.
We have the title. We have the purpose.
In our purpose here, we're being a bit
more prescriptive about what to do
exactly. And then we have our workflow
and our report section. The variables is
very, very important. Right? This is
where your prompts become massively more
valuable. A lot of the work we do is
repeat work that runs in steps,
sequences of steps. Right? This is what
the agentic workflows right now are are
solving for us. And you can throw a
workflows right into one of these
workflow prompts, right? You can also
scale them up with adws as you've seen
and as we've discussed at length intac
but the variable section is ultra
important because now we're parsing the
claw code arguments syntax here and in
our prompt when this gets executed this
is going to update so that whatever the
value is here right right so path to
plan and then check this out we are
referencing the name of our variable
throughout our prompt okay variables let
you pass information into your prompts
here we're building up our own easy to
understand natural language variable
syntax that we can reference throughout
the prompt. Okay? And powerful modern
language models running in these agents,
they're powerful enough to know exactly
what you mean when you keep referencing
it, especially in this, you know,
syntax, right? This consistent syntax.
Not only is this great for your agent,
it is of course great for you and your
team. Look at how easy this is to
understand, right? We have a variable
coming in and this is the path to the
plan. Okay, so very powerful stuff here.
This is a dynamic variable in contrast
to a static variable. Let's go ahead and
grade this. Right? How powerful are
variables? How useful are they? These of
course are very useful. This is going to
be a tier usefulness. And we're going to
put this in B tier difficulty. Right?
Btier skill requirement because now
we're referencing variables both static
and dynamic across your prompt. Okay.
And you can see here this is just a
simple 23line prompt. This is going to
scale up in difficulty. Right? Let's go
ahead and look at a bigger prompt. Let's
look at quick plan. So when I'm working
with prompts, I like to just always open
it up in full and then collapse to the
second level so that you can see all of
the sections consistently. You can
quickly see the composable sections in
this prompt. Okay, this immediately
gives you a good idea of how complex and
how powerful the prompt is. So you can
see here we have more metadata. We have
the model now argument hint description
and allowed tools title and then we have
our purpose. And so notice the the
language here, right? create a detailed
implementation plan based on the user's
requirements. We're just like very
directly talking to our agent. All
right. And so by contrast, by having
this very kind of dry direct language,
you and any engineer on your team can
come into this prompt, collapse
everything and just read this upper
section to understand exactly what this
does, right? And what the capabilities
are. Then you can just dial in one piece
at a time, right? So what are the
variables here? You can see here we have
that user prompt coming in as the
argument and we have the plan output
directory. Now this is different, right?
You can see how different this is. This
is a static variable. This is a variable
we're placing right in the prompt that
doesn't change. You can't pass anything
in to overwrite this. This is a powerful
static variable versus a the user
prompt. This is a dynamic variable,
right, that changes as you pass in work.
This prompt is going to write to the
specs directory, right? And if you want
to, you can change this to be anything
you want. So say you you like PRDs,
right? This will write to the PRD
directory, right? All you have to do is
update this, save it, and that's it,
right? You don't have to keep
referencing this everywhere. And of
course, we can copy this and do a search
on this variable, right? And throughout,
you can see this getting referenced.
Notice how much time I'm saving by
having just a single static variable
here that we can reference throughout
the prompt. And also notice how easy it
is to understand this. Great prompting
is great communicating. Okay. So, what
we're doing here is quickly
communicating to ourselves, to our
future selves, to our team, and of
course to our agent. Okay. So, user
prompt's going to come in. It's going to
output to the specs directory, right?
And very quickly, just two sections. You
know exactly what this is going to do.
We do have a new instruction section
here. Let's think through this, right?
How is this different than the workflow
section in your agentic prompts? So, the
workflow is the step-by-step play of
exactly what you want your agent to do.
oftentimes your agent, if it's a cloud
code level agent, it's going to come
through and create a list, a concrete
list inside of its to-dos, inside of its
plan of your workflow. So, this maps
very, very well to modern agent coding
tools as specified below. You can see
here we're creating a specific output
type. We're almost bleeding into the
examples section, but this is just a
report. Okay, so we're just specifying
the output format we want. So the
workflow is a play-by-play step of what
we want done and then the instructions
are surrounding information on the
individual steps in the workflow. So
this is a great place to just come in
and add auxiliary information on how
your workflow should work. Now to be
clear, often times you can just combine
these, right? And you can create, you
know, nested bullet points underneath
your workflow steps. In upcoming
prompts, you're going to see that
exactly. But you know, you can use
instructions to just quickly tag on
useful information to aid your workflow.
Okay, so we have one new additional
section here, right? We have the
instruction section. So how does this
rank? This is going to be right below
the report, right? So probably as useful
and as challenging to use as the report
section, right? This is a bullet list of
additional information that aids the
workflow. Okay, so it's not ultra
difficult to use, but often times you
don't need the instructions. you can
just use a workflow. All right, but I
wanted to call this out. These are two
distinct patterns. And especially when
we start talking about system prompts
versus user prompts, you're going to see
that the instructions are going to be a
lot more valuable for your system prompt
versus your workflow when you're writing
these reusable agentic prompts. This, of
course, is going to be a lot more useful
for the actual playbyplay that you want
your agent to run in a repeat fashion.
We have the prime tier list. Okay, and I
just want to show this off. We have one
additional section here and we have no
metadata. So notice this format, right?
Title, purpose, and then we have
codebased structure. This is a distinct
section. We have our workflow, and you
can see our workflow is getting a little
bit more complex here. We'll break that
down in a second. And we have our
report. Okay, so just a kind of super
simple blank report. Let's go ahead and
talk about the codebase structure. What
is this new section? Another way to
think about the codebase structure
section that you can swap in and out of
your agentic prompts. This is really a
context map, right? This is the real
name of the codebase structure. But
normally this is just, you know, as
we're engineers working in code bases,
this is usually just called codebase
structure. Okay? And the distinction
here is that you're not saying, right,
you're not telling your agent to read
these files. You're giving them a quick
map of where the files are, what the
structure looks like of the relevant
code, right? We have a prime tier list
here. So we're priming against a
specific part of our application and
we're specifying exactly what every file
does, you know, at a 100t view. There's
our previous prime command that ran. We
can of course clear that out and then
prime the tier list. And now the tier
list is going to run not these files,
but in our workflow, we've specified
exactly what files we want to read.
Okay, read these files exclusively. We
have to be a little bit stronger with
our language here. We have an
information dense keyword important that
has more value to our agents and to the
models that run them. And so you can see
here we're only reading these specific
files, but our agent now has in its
context window thanks to our prompt
engineering. It has a map of how to
quickly find relevant files. Okay? So
instead of having to search this
manually, run additional tools, chew up
additional tokens, it has a quick simple
map. Okay? And again, codebase
structure. you and your team can quickly
look at this and understand it. Let's go
ahead and rank this one. This is not as
useful because of course agents can do
this. The big benefit here is that it's
faster, right? This speeds your agent
up. It helps your agent understand more
quickly. So, we're going to throw this
right under metadata, right? Codebase
structure is about Ctier usefulness and
it's not that challenging to use. We're
just giving a codebase structure and
we're asking for a little bit of detail.
All right, but now the important
interesting thing here is our workflow.
If we look at our workflow via RegX, we
have a more builtout list. And so your
workflow can be as detailed as you need
it to be. So as we cycle through this,
you know, you can see here we still have
our numbered list, but underneath this,
we're adding additional details, right?
We even have a list with a list
underneath. Okay? And so this is very
common. You know, you've seen you've
likely seen prompts like this where the
workflow step has decent amount of
information underneath the steps. The
point is to keep these clear and
concise. We could probably clean up this
section a little bit and maybe turn it
into an instruction set, but this is
fine, right? And then at the end here,
we run what our original start prompt
does at the end of this prompt, right?
In step six, we boot up the application,
install dependencies, kick it off, open
the browser. Okay, so you can see here
we're scaling up the value. We're
scaling up the use we can get out of our
prompts by using these consistent and
swappable prompt structures. The
workflow prompt is very, very powerful.
All the prompts stack up on each other
and the workflow prompt is an absolute
pillar for all subsequent prompt levels.
It's important to note here by the way
that every one of these prompts if you
open up build every one of these prompts
has a kind of consistent structure,
right? It has the inputs, it has the
workflow, and it has the output. Input,
workflow, output. This is a very
consistent three-step pattern you can
use to think about how to design and
build your prompts, right? inputs. We
have the actual work that your agent
does. And then we have the report. Now,
obviously, all of this information is
important for your agent, but the input
and the output are specifically useful
for you and your team. Now, we can
quickly know what's coming in and what's
going out, right? Of course, we'll be
spending a lot of time on the workflow,
dialing this in, making it do exactly
what you want, but this is a useful
framework for thinking about how to
build great reusable agentic prompts
consistently, input, workflow, output.
Let's move on to level three of our
agentic prompt format.
At the next level, we continue building
off our existing sections. Let's open up
build.md. You know, this prompt is going
to come up over and over. It's a very
powerful, very simple prompt, but you
can see there's something going on here
on line 17. We have flow control. Okay,
so level three is the control flow
prompt. So, we're building up on our
workflow section and we're adding this
new capability. Remember, every prompt
format is about the capability that it
offers you and your agent. The control
flow prompt lets us run conditions,
loops, and early returns. You can see
here, if no path to plan is provided,
immediately stop and ask the user to
provide it. So, we can of course very
quickly test this. You can see here our
prime tier list finished. It's got a
great great detailed layout for us on
this specific feature. check out our
extended lesson on context engineering
to understand how context priming can be
more valuable than using a memory file.
But anyway, let's go ahead and clear
this out, right? And let's just kick off
build and we pass in no path to our
plan. Right? Our variable isn't there.
So right away our agent sees this and it
stops, right? This is the equivalent of
an early return asking for feedback.
Right? We need some information. We
cannot proceed unless we have a path to
plan. This is of course the most simple
version of flow control inside of your
prompts. You can imagine this getting a
lot more complex. The most popular
extension of this will be of course
conditionals and loops. Let's open up
the create image prompt here where we're
creating an image. We're going to run
that exact same understanding workflow.
Right? We collapse everything on level
two and we just analyze the prompt top
to bottom. Right? We have the metadata
section. We have the title. We have a
kind of a bad uh tone of voice purpose,
but it's fine. This will get through.
We're saying this command generates
images. Really, you want that direct
tone of voice. You'd say something like
this. Generate images based on the
provided prompt using replicate MCP
server. We're talking to our agent. We
have a a request targeted toward our
agent. All right. You can see here two
variables. Let's open up our variables.
And you can see here we're using a new
syntax. And we also have a bunch of
static variables with a couple bullet
points. Okay. So, let's analyze this.
Right. So, we have word plus colon. And
this gives us our variable format. So,
what's going on here? Right. We have
several variables and we're using cloud
code's positional argument for our first
arg and then our second argument. Right?
So of course this would look like this
/create image and you can see here uh we
would pass in something like some file
with image prompts and then we pass in a
number positional arguments. You know
exactly how that works. We have three
additional static variables. Okay, so
very powerful stuff here. We're starting
to use more static variables that we can
reference throughout our prompt. Right?
This is very useful for agents and to
communicate value to yourself right in
the future and to your team right so
image output directory we can quickly
just see where this is referenced and we
can see you know the model we're using
we can quickly just update the model
that we're using to generate the image
and of course we can update the aspect
ratio so on and so forth right all this
stuff we can add arbitrary static and
dynamic variables here right but the
interesting thing here is in the
workflow in these control flow prompts
you can of
with natural language request loops.
Okay, so we're saying important then
generate number of images, right? We're
referencing a variable using the image
generation prompt following the image
loop below. So we have this XML block to
add additional structure. We're
communicating to our agent when the
image loop starts and stops. We're also
of course communicating to our team
where the loop is. We're operating in
natural language. We want consistent
patterns throughout our prompts for the
trifecta, right? And so just more
workflow details, right? Top to bottom,
use this tool, pass an argument, use
aspect ratio, wait for completion, and
then throughout we're referencing our
variables. So you can see here this is
getting more and more complex, right?
We're doing more and more with our
prompts. We of course have the report
generates images at scale for us in a
loop. Let's go ahead and rank this. When
it comes down to it, you know, the
conditional flow prompt, I would say, is
about as powerful, probably a little bit
more powerful, more useful than the
workflow prompt, right? So, it's
probably a little bit above this. Um, it
is going to be more challenging though.
It requires more skill to think through
and analyze the workflow step in your
prompt to understand the control flow
that your prompt is working through. All
right, so for that reason, we're going
to place this in a tier usefulness and B
tier skill requirement. Let's crack open
the edit image. And you can see a very
similar format. You know, nothing to
change here, right? We have a consistent
process, right? We have metadata at the
top, title, purpose, variables,
workflow, and notice here, no report
section. Remember, every one of these
sections is swappable. Use them only if
you need it. If you don't care about the
output format of your prompt, right?
Remember the three-step workflow? Input,
workflow, output. If you don't care
about your output or if you don't need
variables coming in, don't add the
section. Okay? This is the key to
writing great prompts. Only add what you
need, right? These are composable pieces
of your agentic prompts. Okay, so the
edit image has no output format. And so
you can see a same deal here. If we open
everything up, we have variables and we
have a workflow. And our workflow has a
loop embedded inside of it. All right.
And we also have a stop command here. We
have a couple conditionals. You know, if
the token is not available, exit
immediately. If if the B 64 command
isn't available, exit immediately.
Right? This prompt does a specific thing
in a specific workflow very well with a
loop embedded. All right, that's the
control flow prompt. Now, we continue to
scale up what we can do with our agents
while properly communicating to the
trifecta. Let's go to level four.
So, at level four, we have the
delegation prompt, right? The delegate
prompt. This is a prompt that kicks off
other agents to do work. Notice how
distinct every one of these prompts are.
They give you a new advantage, right? A
new capability. Key section here. If
you're going to be delegating, you're
going to want variables that you can
pass into your sub agents. Okay, so
that's the only section tweak that you
might make. Let's go ahead and open up
parallel sub aents. Once again, you
know, same process. Collapse. Check out
the format. There's our metadata, title,
purpose. You know, this workflow should
feel repetitive, and that's what you
want, right? You don't want it to be
novel every time you open up a prompt.
That consumes your engineering cycles.
That consumes your ability to work
through more engineering work and to
generate value. Right? You want to be
thinking less about the stuff that can
be solved with consistency. Right?
Consistency is the greatest weapon
against confusion for both you and your
agent. Okay? This is a key idea in both
our extended elite context engineering
lesson and in this lesson, right? We're
clearly communicating. We want to reduce
confusion to the very minimum. You want
to be thinking as you're writing these
prompts, you know, you want to be
thinking, if I handed this to a
co-orker, could they complete this work
top to bottom? Okay, if that's true,
you've probably written a high quality
prompt and imagine you hand them 10
additional prompts, right? Don't change
the prompt format every single time.
This this is why this consistency is so
important. All right, so if you open up
variables here in our parallel sub
agents, you can see we have two
positional dynamic variables, prompt
request and count. All right, and you
can quickly understand this prompt by
reading the purpose, right? file
workflow launch count in parallel to
accomplish task detailed in prompt
requests. All right. And then in the
workflow, step-by-step play, nested
bullet points, nothing fancy, very
consistent. You can see just referencing
variables throughout. But so what is the
key advantage of this type of agentic
prompt format? We are handing off work
to compute. We're having our agent fire
off agents. So there are many ways to
use this. If you've already taken the
elite context management extended
lesson, you already know that there are
only two ways to context engineer R and
D. And here we're using the D of that
framework. Right? So we can kick this
off, right? If we just clear this agent
out/parallel and I'm just going to paste
in a prompt that I have here. Right? I'm
going to paste this in. Extract
information. We'd want to add to our
claw.md that we want all future agents
to know about. Essentials only present
bullet list. Do not modify the file
directly. and we want three. Let's say
let's kick it up to five. This is the
advantage of spinning up more compute,
right? You just bump up the number of
instances, the number of agents you want
to fire off to accomplish a task. And so
what's the advantage of running a prompt
like this, right? LM's agents, they're
nondeterministic. So when you ask
multiple agents to do something, they're
going to return with different results.
Okay? And you can see here we're firing
up five agents focus on a different
aspect of the codebase. So our primary
agent is instructing the sub aents,
right? Our primary agent is the prompt
engineer for our sub agents. And this is
where things get really tricky, right?
This, you know, agent delegation is very
powerful, but it's hard to use. Let's go
ahead and grade this right now. So we
have the delegate prompt. And I'm going
to go ahead and throw this into S tier
usefulness while being in a tier skill
difficulty. Okay, this is an advanced
technique. Why is that? is because we're
managing multiple instances of agents
and we're writing prompts that write
prompts, right? We are specifically
saying, right, we're talking to our
primary agent. In step two of our
workflow, we're saying design agent
prompts. Create detailed self-contained
prompts for each agent. Include specific
instructions. Define clear output
expectations. Okay, we're really kind of
building out that input workflow output
three-step structure for our primary
agent to pass into all of our sub aents.
This prompt is very powerful. We're
spinning up more compute that in itself
can build out you know entire prompts
and agents. Uh so this is a very
powerful concept. This is the future of
engineering. Once you build up great
agents that perform for you and get work
done, the next question is how many
agents can you spin up? How much work
can you do? How much compute can you
use? Right? And of course that's what
TAC is all about. That was a big big
theme inside of TAC. spinning up these
pipelines of agents that operate with
and without us via Outloop systems. Big
idea. All this prompt engineering, all
this agentic prompt engineering is just
about tapping into that better than
anyone. So for that reason, this is S
tier. Ultra useful, ultra valuable, very
hard to use though, right? You need to
be conscious about the flow of
information between your agents. So
that's just one way to use this, right?
You can see uh we're getting that
response flowing back in here. We can
kick up another agent here and let's go
ahead and run our load AI docs. Let's go
ahead and open that up. Load AI docs. So
once again with great agentic pro
engineering, we're just going to
collapse everything. Understand things
one step at a time, right? Metadata,
title, purpose, input, workflow, output.
Okay, every single time. Consistency
beats complexity. Consistency makes you
faster, okay? Makes your team faster.
And it makes your agents faster when you
find the working formula. And guess
what? But I'm handing you the working
formula right now with these prompt
formats. All right. So you can see here
variables. We just have one static
variable for this load AI docs
delegation prompt. We are going to
delete old docs after 24 hours. And our
AI docs here we have documentation for
our agents. And if we open that up, our
agent has just deleted them. All right,
it's just deleted all these. And now
it's going to reload them cuz they were
older than 24 hours. Right? You can see
here, same deal. We're going to loop.
Right? We have a explicit, you know, a
new on the-fly information tense keyword
that we can reference throughout our
prompts. We have a loop and we're
actually having our agent call a sub
agent directly. Okay. And so you can see
this, right? We have five doc scraper
agents scraping the documentation and
writing it to a new file. We should see
some of these come in here by now. Yep,
there's our documentation coming in
inside of our AI docs. All right, so our
agents are bringing those in one by one.
We are delegating. We're offloading. Of
course, once again, this is the D in the
R&D framework of great elite context
engineering. So, this is ultra powerful.
And then we have a simple but specific
report format. And you're going to see
our primary agent return in this exact
report format. Okay, we have one more
prompt here, the background prompt. And
you know, notice how every uh previous
level stacks up, right? You can pull in
whatever levels you need into the
highest level again that you need,
right? To solve the problem. Here we're
delegating agents. We're using control
flow, right? We have conditional
statements. You can see here several ifs
in our workflow. And of course, this is
running in the most powerful section of
all your prompts, the workflow. So, this
is great. You can see our agent
returning in that exact format, right?
AI docs report right here. Success or
failure URL markdown path. There it is.
So, we have massive control over this
agent, right? We knew exactly what was
going to happen when we kicked off this
prompt. Okay? And this is the key for
transitioning to outloop agentic code.
And you need to know what your prompts
are going to do. And the best way to
know is to be consistent and of course
to test and to prove out your agentic
prompts. All right, one more. Here we
have the background prompt. Once again,
you know, I hope you're getting annoyed
and, you know, kind of bored of of this
workflow, but this is how you write
great prompts at scale over and over and
over for you, your team, and your
agents. You stay consistent. Okay.
metadata, title, purpose, right? We're
using that direct language. Run a cloud
code instance in the background to
perform tasks autonomously while you
continue working. Okay, purpose clearly
defined one or two sentences variables
here. You can see we have three dynamic
variables and you know where this is
going. We covered this in our elite
context engineering. I'm not going to
run this, but if we open up the
instructions, we have some, you know,
auxiliary important information for the
workflow. Okay? And the workflow is, of
course, the step-by-step play. This one
gets really complex because we start
detailing exactly how to kick off a
brand new agent via the CLI. And we're
actually updating the system prompt in a
very massive way here. We'll talk about
system prompts versus user prompts in a
moment. But you can see here this agent
is going to kick off another primary
agent in the background. And this agent
is going to continue to report to a
report file as it works in the
background using whatever model we
specify. All right. So this is the
delegation prompt, right? the delegate
prompt. You can have your agent pass off
work to other agents. Okay, let's move
up the stack again. Let's add more power
to every one of our prompts. Let's move
up to level five.
This is our agentic prompt tier list.
Now, all the big value is in this top
left corner here, right? It's in the
workflow and the workflow prompt. I
highly recommend you push to at least
the B tier level. If you get to B tier
in your skill of a gentic prompt
engineering, you're going to capture
most of the value. A key item that I
really stress inside of TAC, you're
going to want to push to understand how
to write template meta prompts because
once you unlock this S tier skill and
usefulness level, these template meta
prompts at level six here, your agentic
engineering velocity scales up very very
quickly, right? For you, your team, and
your agents specifically because you've
templated your agentic engineering. But
really, you know, 90% of the time for
most engineers, all we need is one of
the seven levels of agent prompt
formats. And then we need to learn how
to interchange the right section, right?
The kind of swappable sections, the
swappable Lego blocks throughout the
prompt that you're writing with the most
important section by far. You know, I'm
I'm highlighting this over and over for
a reason. Most important section you'll
write is the workflow, right? Your
step-by-step play for your agent, for
your agentic prompt engineering. There
are two big ideas here that we've, you
know, hit over and over and over.
Communicate extraordinarily well to your
agents for the best results. Secondly,
use consistent prompt formats and
they're interchangeable sections so that
you can crud reusable prompts for you,
your team, and your agents. Okay? You
want to be creating, reading, updating,
and deleting your prompts at light speed
at the right level. Usually level three,
level four is all you need. Get that
great powerful workflow step built
inside of your prompts. Be consistent
with your reusable prompts so that you
can fire your prompts off over and over
and over and reduce confusion for
yourself in the future for your team and
most importantly for your agents. Your
agents will be able to reason about many
different prompt structures. Okay, but
engineering is not just about your
agents. It's not just about you. It's
not just about your team. You need to
hit the trifecta. All right, the
stakeholder trifecta for the age of
agents. There's a new user. There's a
new profile. There's a new type of
consumer of the work that you're doing.
It's your agent. So, we need to be
thinking about this trifecta.
Consistency is king when it comes to
writing great agentic prompts. You know,
there are other sections that we didn't
work through. There are other ways to
express these sections. That's not
what's important here. Okay. The key
idea here is that you have swappable
Lego blocks that are the sections of
your agentic prompts that each have
distinct uses and capabilities that you
can use for repeat success in your
agentic engineering. Okay, the prompt is
the fundamental unit of engineering.
Invest in your prompts for the trifecta
to achieve asymmetric engineering in the
age of agents. Okay, context engineering
is very important, but your prompts kick
off and dictate everything you do. So,
here's your next move. Here's what I
recommend you focus on next. If you
haven't finished TAC, finish TAC. That
is more important than context
engineering. It's more important than
agenda prompt engineering. That sets up
the future of engineering. It helps you
move toward becoming an irreplaceable
engineer in phase two of the generative
AI age. Okay? So, take TAC. Next, I'm
going to recommend you go all the way to
the third level and jump into writing
customizable agents for your domain
specific use case, for your domain
specific problems. I recommend you check
out the Cloud Code SDK mastery to build
your own specialized agents. Tact is all
about scaling up what you can do with
agents. It's about getting out the loop.
It's about exiting this simple back and
forth prompting experience with these
agents so that you can scale up what you
can do by building pipelines that do one
thing extraordinarily well. Use these
seven levels of agentic prompt formats
to guide your agentic engineering. Use
the sections underneath interchangeably
and focus on getting use out of your
agents. Right? Start at the lowest
level. just throw it into a level one ad
hoc highle prompt and then when you need
to scale it into a workflow prompt. This
is going to be where you get the
majority of your prompt output from the
step-by-step play of what your agent to
do. After that, you can scale up and
stack up your capabilities leading you
all the way up to the powerful template
meta prompt. The prompt that builds the
prompt, the agent that builds the agent.
This is how you scale hard and fast into
the age of agents. Great work here. I'll
see you in the next extended lesson.